well vistointv.net
we have under our halfon lens with firmware 4. 0 beta
the first version of this signed man is released to developers
we are testing daara one day better in between since last night when
we installed the signature immediately after that
am apple ne gone
communication of the keynote thanks
and we see to the best ideas there are even 100 small the big ones
the first improvements
multitasking when we open a program for example
but in this case, by leaving the central button pressed, the program does not
closes but remains of in the ground
it's a bit of a particular multitasking that would require applications
the written and modified for this double uncultivated multitask
click on the omxu network button we can go to see all the applications
hahaha open I think clicked on the application this can therefore
close to vote memory
18 multitask in particular in fact the application the state is open
in the background therefore consuming batteries but resources
last open in a seedless state
eh by accessing some phone services with a single network rather than
notifications
second new push notifications that
they can also be local as well as direct women in third
interesting news
the possibility of creating folders like we have inserted all the
games in a very simple folder do it just hold the icon
when these rebellious ones it is enough to put a program over the other that will be created
automatically as you see an icon
the name in the quietly customized folder we can
breast pull out
pickaxe put it back on
cinema on ferrari splinder
remove that
delete a folder springolo dette editable with regard to the
background and with this
but sort of three-dimensional and transparent background
as for the 4 favorite tam icons
have said about the song I told you about multitasking
particular so medications
currently graft rhannon turn multitasking but
by the developers have seen the sun this software - sdk from
so last night they are working with lives to upgrade
applications
for another novelty the box
inbox
unified
those called e-mail box we have a house the entrance where
we can go to see all - inboxes also in the
beside it is possible to synchronize the camps maps also the folder
of the notes
I did not find any improvement regarding the audio inger al
phone not regarding the
reception that unfortunately a deterioration regarding the performance of the
battery
from some grows sporadic random system remember we are talking about
a beta version
and more precisely of the first beta
other news regarding
is part of the camera we take ours
megic mouse here it is
the novelty is that you can zoom in with your boobs
so fan all the five lands
take the picture
let's wait
inna
some photos we took when zooming
this is a picture
I add
this is a maximum zoom photo and this meteorism digital zoom la page
quality
obviously visit pines visit london for now in this life
not available
my video camera but only in
the camera will support us at ibook
regarding the photo we have an organization
album
events
occult
so run there
this kind of
organization that was not present the firmware
three zero point
another new year the center will allow
once they have this internet and social programs studied
game network
d go see the present scores of friends rather than play in
network
with friends it becomes more and more if a game console
aifon 3gs
we remind you that this episode is available for aifon 3g 2g and 3g s
multitasking only for
gs frente because it needs a processor and a memory hahaha more
full-bodied and respect h3g
technical data
We will keep you informed about school further news as you go
we test reserved. 0 we find out
first is that here twittea telefonino.net freeza
andrea galeazzi